did all his homework and helping the
dishes did you honey
yes Oh dr. Watson you're a miracle
worker what's your secret I just believe
that inside every troubled child is an
obedient child trying to get out so I
get here
Oh
no idiot you're gonna be late to see
your crazy doctor I'm not crazy
you're crazy
hey excuse me would you mind waiting
outside I'm not done with this session
oh no that's alright doctor they clearly
need you more than we do let's go thank
you
well mama theme for your own time I'm
sorry about the intrusion doctor my
watch hasn't been working that well ever
since Stuart's strapped into his go-go
and Warren to school so urea then good
luck wait but mrs. Larkin this is family
therapy it's for both of you
I'm not crazy
listen I'm not the one that strapped a
watch to their goggle boy well you don't
have a Gugu God put a patch of crazy
where you're gonna should be
look listen why don't why don't we all
just sit down sir why don't you have
mama sit by the doctor no I was here for
now Stuart I III see you're wearing your
bathing suit have you been swimming
lately
no it's hurricane season it just looks
good all right now Stuart I want you to
feel free to do and say anything you
want in this room well I I just want you
to know that this is a safe place
now have there been any traumatic events
in Stewart's short life no Stuart is
that a very normal childhood
mm-hmm what about the time I got
kidnapped Stern afternoon about the time
I fell down on that well when you found
a lucky quarter all the time and I yell
out to that gorillas cage and had to
suck on her teeth for nourishment that
is because you sucked my teeth straw a
long time ago
well alright Stewart I'm going to show
you some pictures and then I want you to
tell me what you see what am i doing you
say I'll tell you after right here we go
dead mother dead mother dead mother
mother
nice mother
chilling spooky but good oh my god I did
what you said well little fella you get
the satisfaction of doing what I asked
that's
and then he get a cookie oh no you
should never reward children with food
words
well what you've done mr. professional
was you put him in his dark place yeah
Wow
no hold on show you how it's done
oh yeah Stuart Stuart Stuart you
shouldn't you shouldn't you should need
so fast
nope Stewart how do you feel stirred
powerful there you see it may not be
perfect but wagon system that's run
there you go BAM bang
now wait mrs. Larkin I'm afraid I have
some bad news
I'm going to have to recommend that
Stewart be taken out of your custody and
put into a foster home immediate whoa
like a table well